(DO NOT MERGE) Update machine auth docs after new additions (#2560)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/references/astro/locals.mdx

  ```
</CodeBlockTabs>

> ### Example: Protecting a route by accepting and verifying multiple token types using `locals.auth()`

Reviewer: This is waaayy too long of a heading!!

Maybe "Protect a route based on token types"

also, note that the "using `locals.auth()` part isn't needed, because its already a section within "## locals.auth()"

The following example uses `locals.auth()` to protect the route based on token type:

- It accepts any token type `(acceptsToken: 'any')` from the request.
- If the token is a `session_token`, it logs that the request is from a user session.
- Otherwise, it logs that the request uses a machine token and specifies its type.

```ts
export const GET: APIRoute = ({ locals }) => {
  // Use `locals.auth()` to protect a route based on token type
  const authObject = locals.auth({ acceptsToken: 'any' })

  if (authObject.tokenType === 'session_token') {
    console.log('This is a session token from a user')
  } else {

>     console.log('This is some other type of machine token (api_key | oauth_token | m2m_token)')
>     console.log('More specifically, a ' + authObject.tokenType)

Reviewer: why is there a need for two separate console logs? 
also, the "This is some other type of machine token" feels awkward as there is no preceding log. this would be the first log a user sees if their token was a machine token, so "some other" doesn't make sense without prior context

```suggestion
    console.log(`This is a ${authObject.tokenType} token`)
```
